Optimum Number Representation
------- ------ --------------

The inhabitants of the ancient tribe of Pagong had in-
credible numerical dexterity.  Their numeral system was
not decimal, but reverse-polish-notation based.  Each
number was represented by a sequence of digits and oper-
ations.  The `digits' they used were surprisingly simi-
lar to those we use today:

   one two three four five six seven eight nine ten

represented our numbers 1 through 10, respectively.  To
build numbers larger than ten, they composed other num-
bers with the operations * or +, respectively, using
reverse polish notation, where the operation follows the
two operands.  Thus, one representation for our number
13 is

   eight five +

Another representation is

   one two + two * two * one +

Because there were so many representations of the same
number, `high' Pagong dictates that the canonical
representation of a number be the shortest possible
representation, and where there were ties in length,
that the earliest lexicographically shall be the canoni-
cal number.  (Their lexicographical ordering was the
same as ASCII, amazingly).  The length includes all
characters, including a single space that follows each
digit or operation but the last.  Thus, the shortest
possible representations of 13 are:

   three ten +
   four nine +
   six seven +
   seven six +
   nine four +
   ten three +

and of these, 

   four nine +

is the earliest and thus canonical representation of 13.

Your task is to translate numbers from our Arabic repre-
sentation to the canonical Pagong representation.  Each
input number will be on a line by itself, and the output
should consist of lines each containing just one canon-
ical Pagong number.  All numbers will be 1000 or less,
and there will be fewer than five hundred numbers in the
input set.  Input ends with an end of file.

Sample input:

5
101
64

Sample output:

five
one ten ten * +
eight eight *




File:	   opnum.txt
Author:	   Tomas Rokicki <rokicki@cs.stanford.edu>
Date:	   Wed Sep  4 07:18:47 EDT 2002

The authors have placed this file in the public domain;
they make no warranty and accept no liability for this
file.

RCS Info (may not be true date or author):

    $Author: hc3 $
    $Date: 2002/09/04 11:24:39 $
    $RCSfile: opnum.txt,v $
    $Revision: 1.4 $
